Fix broken link to paper from Modelica Conference (#47)
modelica-3rdparty/PowerSystems: README.md

 * Variable frequency systems, e.g. in wind turbines or for drive control, and
 * DC power systems, like HVDC

> See also the publication [Franke, Wiesmann: Flexible modeling of electrical power systems - the Modelica PowerSystems library, Modelica conference 2014](https://ep.liu.se/ecp/096/054/ecp14096054.pdf).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See also the publication [Franke, Wiesmann: Flexible modeling of electrical power systems - the Modelica PowerSystems library, Modelica conference 2014](https://doi.org/10.3384/ECP14096515).
```

Reviewer: I think it is even more future-proof to use DOI links instead.
